You can't pay up. We're gonna have to sell your part. I wonder how much your kidneys were.
Hey, get your hands off of her. Listen, we don't want any drama. Just pay up and we'll be on our way.
Yeah, Princess. We're starting coming out of that fancy pit house this morning. We know you got some dough.
That promise is not mine. How much does she owe you? How much does she owe you?
200,000. We need to pull it out thin air. 300,000. You give her back a few hours.
That extra 100,000 is just a freebie. This little lady here needs to blow off some steam that she needs an elephant.
So she gets to take some swings. Do you?
I know it's a lot of money, but I'll find a way to pay you back. I promise. I'll pay you back. I promise.
I think of a way for you to make some quick cash.
Yeah? Yeah.
Does she look from a sugar daddy? And by that I mean me.
But no offense, Mr. Ebert. Are you crazy?
Oh, come on. Those mopsies that can track you down so easily.
You should just stay with me to save this elephant.
Oh, that's what he meant. At least.
I don't want to win though. Last time I checked, I'm still the boss.
And I say that it's no problem at all. People are saying you're this cold.
You're the best boss ever. Is that so? Yeah.
You look after your employees, even the ones who aren't all that special, like me.
I tend to save my heroics for the ones who saved Sally my bed, like you did last night.
Speaking of which, why did you sneak out so early this morning?
Speaking of which, what did you sneak off to this morning?
I had a lot of work to get done. I wanted an early start at the office.
Speaking of which, I should probably have to work.
There's just big and boring media and you get started on.
Well, hey. Well, hey, if it's so important then I can just give you a ride.
No, no, no, that's okay.
No, but if it's as important as you say it is, then it deserves the attention of the boss too, right?
Let's go.
My not surprised. She's trying to sleep her way to the top.
Hey, what happened here?
It's nothing. Honestly, just me being my usual clumsy self-smelling crying out.
If somebody is...
Honestly, Mr. Reed, I think it could survive a little coffee school.
But let's swing by my place first so you can change into something a little less caffeinated.
It'll tramp trying to sink her teeth into the boss.
Need a full wardrobe. Live her here and eat it with dresses, shoes, and spare no expense. Thank you.
Mr. Reed, this is too generous.
This is just me.
One of the many perks of letting me so get used to it.
So tell me, I'm moving you with me.
Ork emergency.
Hey, what's going on?
I'm meeting you at the office just got canceled, but I have to be at the office as I happen.
Look, Heather, I want you to be honest with me. Do you really enjoy working at that office?
It's my job, to keep pushing through.
Then I'll call my driver and he can take you back to the office.
Mr. Reed sure knows how to spoil his fiancé, huh?
I know.
He's engaged.
What?
He's engaged?
What's wrong with her?
That's just Heather, our so-called visual designer.
Honestly, she's the weakest link on the team.
It's just not exactly eye candy either.
And she's a nightmare to work with.
Doesn't even have a college degree, lazy, incompetent, always causing drama.
And this is supposed to be, I mean, how does she even lend this job?
Probably by batting her eyelashes at the boss?
Well, girl, how dare you?
I can think you can steal my man.
Lucky guy is.
Probably so big shot.
Or a boss himself.
Have you been seducing my fiancé?
Yeah!
Hey, Cole!
Get off me!
Open wide, you nasty stinking whore.
I mean, whore.
I don't know what she is.
What?
And my ability.
Any lovers, check me?
Jane, let me know.
Rose is a real train wreck.
I guess the rotten apple doesn't fall apart from the disease tree.
No wonder she said to screw up.
Yeah.
My group of damn families, nothing, with a bunch of junkies.
And...
Losers!
Just look at her.
I'm so pathetic.
The hell is going on here?
Karen, you're fired.
What the hell is going on here?
Pat your shit up and leave now.
And consider this a warning.
Anyone who wants to harass or bully Heather will be out on the streets with Karen.
You know, we belong together and we still have business when you talk.
Finish!
That will be wrapped up soon enough.
I want to see you.
Why does Mr. Reed treat Heather so different?
Chick's going to mess up my plan.
I need to take care of her first.
Take your time.
Brush her up.
And if you need to go to the restaurant, it's right through that door, okay?
I need to go, Mr. Reed.
My brother.
It's probably getting a score from his dealer.
How?
Am I right?
Joey, I need you to track someone for me.
I just sent you the information on your phone.
Make it quick.
My nephew Joey will track him down.
Got him.
Thank you, Mr. Reed.
I think I can handle it from here.
I'm going to let you go alone.
Not a chance.
What are you doing here?
I can ask you the same thing you little punk.
Aren't you supposed to be rehab?
I can explain.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
The win's take it easy.
Take it easy.
Who the fuck are you old man?
Get easy.
Let me go.
No!
I'm in the center, praying.
You only get your shit together.
You think I asked for any of this?
You have no fucking idea what it's like.
It's the cravings, the pain, the emptiness.
You don't get to judge me.
You have no right!
Every right is on the one who has been a roof over your fucking head since mom has died.
Why don't we just all take a deep breath here, okay?
Everyone?
No, I'm taking your ass back to rehab.
No.
I can't.
I won't.
And you can't make it.
Hey, hey, hey.
Hold on.
Just take a deep breath.
Okay?
What do you want?
Give me the money.
Boy and Kurt, where did you get that cut?
I swear!
Money!
Damn it!
Okay, okay.
Look, this is all I have on me right now.
Look, I have more in my car.
We can go there and we can talk about this.
We can resolve everything peacefully.
Fine.
But no funny business.
That's enough for you.
Let's go.
Sneaky old bastard.
Your friend's been locked up so there'll be no more little meetings between you two months.
Thank you, Mr. Reed.
Oh, my Declan.
I answered.
Thank you.
He didn't do it for you, Sis.
He just wants to get in your pants.
Shut up, Florie.
Alright, let's get ready.
I was worried sick.
Don't let him out of your sight, not even for a second jade.
I don't need a fucking babysitter.
Actually, Heather, we can move Florian to a private room with 24 seven security.
Wow.
But it comes at a much higher cost.
I'll pick up the bill.
Mr. Reed, no.
Let me do this for you, Heather.
Please.
I'll pay you back.
Here's my assistant's number.
You can call him to coordinate all of the transferring of Florian here and his treatment.
Don't worry about the cost.
Really appreciate this, Mr. Reed.
You don't need to thank me.
You leave with me now.
Still, I'll pay you back.
I'll find a way to make more money.
If you're so sad on it, then I know a way that you can do that quickly.
Yeah?
How?
For you to be my contracted lover.
Mr. Reed, I'm not sure.
Yes, she's still not into me.
Look, look, hey, there's no need to ever think this.
I just had a fun night the other night and I'd like to continue the fun.
No strings attached, just purely physical.
Come on, just think of it this way.
I can take care of your debt.
I can pay off your brother's treatment.
And I can make it so you don't have to work with those lousy coworkers ever again.
What do you say?
Mr. Reed, I accept your proposal.
Good.
Now, let me give you a ride home.
It's been a hell of a day, hasn't it?